As a next step in this project knouted we have a good looking sign up and log in screen.
I want to add navigation I want to add a tool bar and a site Nath so that we can actually switch pages
and I also want to work on that.
Welcome page.
Before we then of course also dive into our training pages.
So what we will start with is adding navigation adding a toolbar and a site neth because this will allow
us to switch pages without having to manually type anywhere else.
So let's do that as the next step.
For that I will use two components provided by angular material.
We have a look at the material documentation.
These components are going to be the tool bar which is like a header element you can position actually
anywhere not just at the top of the page but also at the top of the page.
And a site Neph which is responsive site navigation that you can toggle and which is then pushed over
your Aberlour page content or removed from it.
Let's start with the site neth because that's really important if you want to implement a pattern where
you have both a tool bar at the top like we have it on this page just a bar at the top but then also
a site near if you can toggle then you will actually need to include the toolbar into a so-called site
nav container.
But let's have a look at some example code here.
The first thing we need is this math drawer.
This is the side there.
So to say and consists of two parts or three parts actually a match drawer or a container which then
contains both the drawer.
So the actual side navigation which you can push in and out and the content which is your normal page
content that's important the normal content which is always risible above which the drawer is pushed.
This set up has one big advantage.
If you write some code outside of the match drawer container the site navigation is never going to go
above it and that's great if you wanted to use something like we have on this page where you have some
site navigation going below the top toolbar.
This is of course also a pattern.
You can create in my application here I want to create a site that goes above the toolbar though so
the toolbar will have to go inside the match drawer container.
Well enough of the talking.
Let's implement this.
And to be precise we want to use the mat drawer which is just a drawer you can add anywhere on your
page.
We will use the site nav which is essentially the same but suited for the main page navigation.
So if we have a look at this code here you'll see you then used the same approach but with MAP side
Neph here here and in the content.
So let's go back to our code then let's start in the material module this time by importing what we
need which for now will be the matte side nav module.
We then need to import this or added to imports and exports.
And now we can use it let's say in the app component because you want to have it as a general layout
in our page and no matter which page is loaded.
We want to have our site Neph rapid or be available on that page.
India and female we right now at the router outlet.
Now I will add the matte side nav container here which is the first component we need to add in there
we will then have the mat not Matt but Matt side nav.
So the actual side navigation that's pushed above the page and below that the matte side nav content.
Now in the map nigh site Neph content decides where to route out that will Guil does pattern ensures
that every page which is just loaded in the place of router outlet will have a site nav a way that will.
So we can now implement the site as a next step and for that in Matt's side.
Navier we can add whatever you want to display on the site navigation like a paragraph where we say
I'm the site neth will soon replace those with links of course.
Now if we save this and we go back to our running application you'll see welcome works.
It has a light grey shadow or border box around it.
We don't see a side navigation though.
The reason for this simply is that it's by default toggle so hidden to show it we can simply set opened
to true year.
We do that on Matt's site nav.
Now you see the site now being opened here and it goes above the average content.
And if I click on the content it disappears we can't get it to reappear though.
Now to make it appear upon it click we first of all need something we can click this will soon be about
an hour toolbar.
For now let's add a normal button where we simply use a toggle site NAV or show side nav Maybe because
that's what the button will do.
Show side nav and now you show a side nav we got of course a couple of options.
So often the first option is something which might already have come to your mind.
If we can set open to True or false then binding opened to either true or false might be a good way
of showing the site now.
So if we go to the app component and we add the open side nav property and set of to falls initially
then let's add a semi-colon then we can go to the app component and bind the bottom click here.
This is normal angular code bind this button to switch openside Neph to true.
So set this to true.
And if we didn't buy and opened here to openside Nath Then clicking this button which will not be styled
by the way then clicking this button will open the site near only one time though because thereafter
we did dismiss it but we never reset openside now.
Now there would be ways to reset it.
But there's another way maybe a better way of opening this.
Any ways you can add a local reference site nav and by the way you should also add role navigation for
accessibility reasons but you should at this site nav reference because this allows you to then use
it on the button to reach out to that site for reference and call the toggle method which will open
it if it's closed.
And do the other way around of course.
So now you can still open it and it works more than once because it will always just do the opposite.
Nikon showed us for hiding because it's well hidden by the overlay.
But you probably see how it works.
So this is a way of opening the site neth.
Now I'll remove the button because I want to use one in the toolbar which we have yet to add and we
also have image problem.
It's a bit actually.
Everything here is ugly.
You can see it if the side that was open you saw a white border around our entire page and all Also
the font I don't like that default font.
So let's work on this and for the font I will actually import a font from Google fonts the rowboat to
font which is the default material he signed front so you can go to any age to email and add a certain
import with a link.
RATH And then it's HTP as fun start Google API dot com slash see s s questionmark family equals rebottle
dishonesty fund.
I want to use rail is equal to stylesheet.
And with that we can go to dishtowels C-s asphalt and set up some logo page styles to make it look a
bit nicer.
In there I will style age female and body to use a font family of rebozo or as a fallback Sunseri of
I will also give body a margin of Ciro.
And with that it will look nicer.
When our issue we will have though is we don't have a toolbar we can't open the site right now.
Let's work on this in the next lecture and let's actually add a tool bar and then a button on the toolbar
that opens the side navigation.